hey guys now today I'm gonna be showing
you one of the strangest and weirdest
things that I've ever happened to me on
ultimate team EA and known for some of
the worst glitches on fee for the
absolutely hysterical sort of glitches
but this glitch was probably one of the
bad glitches you can get I had unlimited
free packs for about half an hour really
nigga yes I understand some of you guys
probably think this is absolute
it was absolutely crazy I'll show you
basically you can see here open one free
pack so the way I did it because I had
two free packs I'd open one of them and
then I press it again and it would just
keep giving me a pack a different back
every single time but I'd still have the
two free packs there so I just kept
basically keep getting free packs over
and over again and I wanted to show you
this guy's and I wanted to ask you the
question as well as you ever had this
glitch or a glitch similar to this
because in this video you can see the
packs I'm opening it's not edited war so
ever to the fact that I've actually open
packs it's literally just a glitch Wells
open unlimited packs it was absolutely
crazy didn't have to pay anything for
them I didn't have to do anything to it
the game was just that broken and that
that I loose you just kept
getting free packs over and over again
so you'll see as well I don't pack
anything amazing because obviously
unfortunately it was only the standard
free packs which is basically one rare
and 12 items over also it was very
unlikely for me to either get an
informal just the high worth player and
of course it's a silver player as well
so it's even less chance of getting a
player which is worth value so sometimes
I actually want to keep my gold packs
and hours the weird thing about if I
actually did have maybe my i think it
was Sir is it eae special packs or
something you get on Monday if you have
like the season ticket if I kept that
pack which I had last week I could have
opened unlimited amounts of them for
legit like half an hour it would've been
absolutely crazy and a probably could've
pack so insane players but I'm still not
gonna say no to free packs here in there
even though they were just started
Silverbacks it's absolutely crazy still
to get free packs like that whenever you
search free packs on Alma team or
anything like that through YouTube you
tend to just get links of people using
external sites like certain pack sites
you can use or just overall opening
packs and saying it's a glitch when it's
not but this was literally a free pack
it's absolutely crazy and again like I
said a minute ago if you had this glitch
as well please let me know in the
comment section below or also tell me on
Twitter as well you can follow me to it
all the links are in the description if
you guys actually check the description
there's so much stuff in there I highly
recommend you check out but it's
absolutely crazy that actually come
across a glitch like this like I was
saying some of the glitches I've had of
course p14 last year there was the black
committee glitch was absolutely
crazy where you have at Paula you could
also carrying Richards as well and
there's another player as well which had
no head and was messy in game but when
you bought the card it was those cards
it was absolutely crazy I remember doing
a video on that and I think it happened
to a few people but this is probably the
bed glitch that has ever happened like I
was saying free packs are absolutely
amazing no one's going to turn down free
coins of free packs here and there and
especially when it's not substitutes
your own fault this is actually ea's own
fault for giving me free backs but
nevertheless guys if you did enjoy this
video be absolutely fantastically at the
like button if you didn't decide by and
tell me why in the comment section below
and also remember to us answer my
question as well guys did this glitch
haven't you all of you had a glitch like
this happen to you this year so far on
few 15 so anyway guys if you want me to
hit the like button they'll be a fun a
beginning most video I'll see you guys
soon bye music i will share it
come on